COMMENT 16/03/23:
I have uploaded a revised version of the Reference Document that fixes a few small inconsistencies in figures between tables in Section 5. Both of the Ministry of Health documents in that Section contain errors of their own. It's a nightmare trying to keep track of things - it's easy to reintroduce Hamas's mistakes when I go back and check my work against the primary sources, as I have to keep in mind the fact that the primary sources themselves contain errors. All of Hamas's errors are discussed in the text of Section 5. As it stands, I am confident in all my own numbers in the current iteration of Section 5. I have also added a missing GMO report to Table 3.1 of Section 3 (this change is totally inconsequential to our analyses). I still want to go back and improve Section 2 and also expand the consideration of child deaths in Section 8, where trends in the Hamas data have changed bizarrely throughout the war and are even stranger than other analysts have realised. I'd like to get on to that in the next update but roadblocks keep appearing.

COMMENT 14/03/23 (2):
The previous version of the appendix (version 12/03/24) has been deleted. The new version (14/03/24) has been uploaded. This new version addresses the issue mentioned in the comment below, and also adds some text in a few passages of the document to make the explanations clearer. No numbers or analyses have been changed other than harmonising the Hamas data entry error previously treaded differently in Table 5.5 vs Sections 10 & 11 (see comment below). TO DO: I want to improve the analysis in Section 2 to incorporate some tabulations of data. I have Excel spreadsheets for this data but they're expansive and will be hard to render into Word tables. But it can be done. This should be in the next update.

COMMENT 14/03/23/ (1):
Hamas Ministry of Health has a data error in their long report dated 31-Dec-23. The report claims that the 21,978 total comes from 15,349 hospital-registered deaths and 6,929 media sources deaths. However, this adds to 22,278. Subsequent analysis of 2024 GMO data shows the 6,929 figure is in error, not the total. We use the (apparently correct) 6,629 figure in Sections 10 and 11, with an explanation in the Notes to the relevant tables. However, the 6,929 figure is used in Table 5.2 of Section 5.2 (again with the inconsistency noted in the table footnote). Thec Section 5 figure is totally inconsequential to analysis but I will harmonise it in next update with the S10 and S11 figures for consistency.
